README.md, before:

[contributing]: CONTRIBUTING.md
[code_of_conduct]: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[license]: LICENSE.txt
[vercel-status]: http://therealsujitk-vercel-badge.vercel.app/?app=coderdojo-braga
[deploy-url]: https://coderdojo-braga.vercel.app
[style-status]: https://github.com/coderdojobraga/shuriken/actions/workflows/style.yml/badge.svg
[style-workflow]: https://github.com/coderdojobraga/shuriken/actions/workflows/style.yml
[figma-landing]: https://www.figma.com/file/vrq1JmgubKLKgsLQf1D6Bl
[figma-shuriken]: https://www.figma.com/file/1phER5eukGFC5p9tFGnfk7/SEI

# shuriken

> :star: **shuri**ken + bok**ken**

[![Vercel][vercel-status]][deploy-url]
[![CI Style][style-status]][style-workflow]
[![Design Shuriken](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-shuriken-F24E1E?style=flat&logo=figma&logoColor=F24E1E)][figma-shuriken]
[![Design Landing](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-landing-F24E1E?style=flat&logo=figma&logoColor=F24E1E)][figma-landing]

Platform support API for managing session registrations and recording ninjas'
progress.

## :rocket: Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your
local machine for development and testing purposes.

### :inbox_tray: Prerequisites

The following software is required to be installed on your system:

- [Node.js 14.17+](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

We recommend using [asdf version
manager](https://asdf-vm.com/#/core-manage-asdf?id=install) to install and
manage all the programming languages' requirements.

### :gear: Setup

First, clone & setup the repository:

```
git clone git@github.com:coderdojobraga/shuriken.git
cd shuriken
cp -n .env.sample .env.local
npm install
```

### :hammer: Development

Start the development server and open
[http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the
result.

```
npm run develop
```

Test your code against common guidelines.

```
npm run test
```

Lint your code.

```
npm run lint
```

Format your code.

```
npm run format
```

### :package: Deployment

Check out the [Next.js deployment
documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

### :link: References

You can use these resources to learn more about the technologies this project
uses.

- [Getting Started with React](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html)
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn)
- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs)

## :warning: Dirty hacks you should be aware of

Through no fault of your own (of course :wink:), the following hacks (or, as we prefer to call them: unconventional programming techniques) made their way into our code. **If you want to potentially save yourself some hours of bug hunting**, we recommend you read this section.

### :arrow_right: Ant Design theme customization

This project uses [Ant Design](https://ant.design/) for the styling of its authenticated pages.

Unfortunately for us, Ant requires LESS support for theme customization and NextJS doesn't support it.

To solve this, we adapted the npm scripts to always compile the necessary LESS files before starting a build or a development server. This means that any changes made the the Ant theme will trigger a build in a development server; you have to restart it to see the effects.

For more information refer to [PR #30](https://github.com/coderdojobraga/shuriken/pull/30).

## :handshake: Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING][contributing] and [CODE_OF_CONDUCT][code_of_conduct]
for details on our code of conduct and the process for submitting pull requests
to us.

## :memo: License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE][license]
file for details.

Commit message:

Add blog post page (#45)
* Added basic markdown funcionality

* Moved Markdown to component and added CSS

* Added reading from file

* Added support for code and syntax highlighting

* Added responsive images and prettified top part of blog post

* Added blog posting guidelines and type restrictions in tsx

* Made recomended changes (except for changes in the md files

* Updated readme and contributing

* Added blog creation script

* Changed move to copy

* Removed Bug Reports from CONTRIBUTING and fixed bug where .txt was being used in blog

* Fixed lint errors

Co-authored-by: Rui Oliveira <ruioliveira02@archmachine.localdomain>

README.md, after:

[contributing]: CONTRIBUTING.md
[code_of_conduct]: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[license]: LICENSE.txt
[vercel-status]: http://therealsujitk-vercel-badge.vercel.app/?app=coderdojo-braga
[deploy-url]: https://coderdojo-braga.vercel.app
[style-status]: https://github.com/coderdojobraga/shuriken/actions/workflows/style.yml/badge.svg
[style-workflow]: https://github.com/coderdojobraga/shuriken/actions/workflows/style.yml
[figma-landing]: https://www.figma.com/file/vrq1JmgubKLKgsLQf1D6Bl
[figma-shuriken]: https://www.figma.com/file/1phER5eukGFC5p9tFGnfk7/SEI

# shuriken

> :star: **shuri**ken + bok**ken**

[![Vercel][vercel-status]][deploy-url]
[![CI Style][style-status]][style-workflow]
[![Design Shuriken](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-shuriken-F24E1E?style=flat&logo=figma&logoColor=F24E1E)][figma-shuriken]
[![Design Landing](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-landing-F24E1E?style=flat&logo=figma&logoColor=F24E1E)][figma-landing]

Platform support API for managing session registrations and recording ninjas'
progress.

## :rocket: Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your
local machine for development and testing purposes.

### :inbox_tray: Prerequisites

The following software is required to be installed on your system:

- [Node.js 14.17+](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

We recommend using [asdf version
manager](https://asdf-vm.com/#/core-manage-asdf?id=install) to install and
manage all the programming languages' requirements.

### :gear: Setup

First, clone & setup the repository:

```
git clone git@github.com:coderdojobraga/shuriken.git
cd shuriken
cp -n .env.sample .env.local
npm install
```

### :hammer: Development

Start the development server and open
[http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the
result.

```
npm run develop
```

Test your code against common guidelines.

```
npm run test
```

Lint your code.

```
npm run lint
```

Format your code.

```
npm run format
```

### :package: Deployment

Check out the [Next.js deployment
documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

### :link: References

You can use these resources to learn more about the technologies this project
uses.

- [Getting Started with React](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html)
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn)
- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs)

## :warning: Dirty hacks you should be aware of

Through no fault of your own (of course :wink:), the following hacks (or, as we prefer to call them: unconventional programming techniques) made their way into our code. **If you want to potentially save yourself some hours of bug hunting**, we recommend you read this section.

### :arrow_right: Ant Design theme customization

This project uses [Ant Design](https://ant.design/) for the styling of its authenticated pages.

Unfortunately for us, Ant requires LESS support for theme customization and NextJS doesn't support it.

To solve this, we adapted the npm scripts to always compile the necessary LESS files before starting a build or a development server. This means that any changes made the the Ant theme will trigger a build in a development server; you have to restart it to see the effects.

For more information refer to [PR #30](https://github.com/coderdojobraga/shuriken/pull/30).

## :handshake: Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING][contributing] and [CODE_OF_CONDUCT][code_of_conduct]
for details on our code of conduct and the process for submitting pull requests
to us.

## :handshake: Contributing to our blog

Our website now has a blog! Each post is stored as a Markdown file under `_posts`. If you want to contribue please read the relevant section of the [CONTRIBUTING][contributing] file, as well as our [CODE_OF_CONDUCT][code_of_conduct].

## :memo: License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE][license]
file for details.
